hello i'm attacking kv good
to the master class recently
vacuole
Today we will talk about this ed.
example when studying or their references
to the word light it and sweep in translation
we will not speak English now
engage look
please how to work right rub
m
I invite bromine palm
door side from side to side
silver to
every note sounded
because she
money
m and this
estimates of the area of ​​bill floor with rising levels
so 3 on the way somewhat but that's it
not a blow ibrahimi on a date
sure of the parties
samara last move
more than the first
three hits on a mission
now let's see what you did with my hand
I play essentially minor three cases
game but only on third countries second
finger and
but then
first pass on the second line of the first
country open and by this very
i take but only what operation
it turns out
which cartridges again this melodic
performance sound
previous
or akorda in general
then we will try to play
the prizes of the teachings his appeal is temporary
i'm not
by the way this note is up by the help we already know
now both robe
from this position this sex akort when
menorah but that up noted
and i add
note to mezentsev
clarke sex prokofiev
in the first finger we take but Tomin
the third party take the second note
liat on
second effort
so and lubkin finger movements
represented by mind
on a note up on the first third-party and adds
but change to
first tuesday
and so here is our movement
but helped happiness we can still play
on the act of having one above 3 cases
because with such a price
for however in working on this challenge
in order to play
injured as quickly as possible
plays the first obligatory
I already look with my eyes the next position in
In this case, this day
once again
now the same thing done with the major
but in the major as you understand it a
Turkey
will be half a tone higher
the third step will be in a minute to aa to sharp
based on this I play
but is it
second half of the world d
Well
he can play that way
that is, two fingers can so
way
but it is convenient for me to strike
so on sex so here is the same thing that olya
Norina's time is only again up to 9th place
it was based on the same cost but here
about childhood
and duplicates of work until Sharp and Ninth Year
farther
layer of dough corr
very important moment please do not take
bars don't play like that
Of course it is in general that sounds cool but very
a lot of dirt so the rays
ghosts come out first as well
how did you play the hole program here
still have a little secret if i will
play in two acts this again
complaints
Yes, I much he long to prove if
would the elections really
looks
Well, again, the problem of complaints
Here we will win just as in general
linux kernels below but interesting first
pores will play in a tournament
P
so the most important points for that
to
play it as much as possible
high quality and fast
so first we must
very clearly beat the first country when
play
accented blow yes dortmund instead
three
muffling
respectively third party
parties m
this is the first
and the second look a little forward
and finally let's talk oh
reduced neighbor chord
he builds on points what
we will not change this applicator
when will move along
vulture and moreover only signed years
arm and a half then up or down in
depending on where you could score
more
that such a thing
it means we play it the third finger
but more precisely the third party
second finger
note
p second side
first finger
but such
the judges have a little finger and all this at first
rubles
here is the same
but only now we will change a little bit
hatch
and the previous ones again we played on
structure access kim
but in music
Lada
from bottom to top notes
stock hour mayor play protivohod ie
see i play first on thin
strings
and then come on the thick side
percentage of what
we do
in the right hand
first hit
Er Germany
blow again yes
top
hem down
top as we did
In the first case
such beauty